Hazel has almost got all her functions ready.
We're only missing one more which allows our program to close.
We need to do something so that we can leave this loop and finish with our code.
So we're going to program a farewell greeting, which, when Hazel hears, she interprets that she must
leave.
This will be another Elif, which will listen for the word goodbye.
If she hears goodbye in my request, then she will greet us.
Hazel, will you speak to say I'm going to rest?
Let me know if you need anything.
That's the way it is.
Hazel, not to worry.
Now, with a break, we are assured that after saying this, it will leave the while loop and break
the execution of our code.
With this, we are ready to test Hazel and to see how she will execute all the functions we have just
created.
Hello.
I am Hazel.
How can I help you?
Good morning, Hazel.
It's a pleasure to see you today.
So before anything we want to know, please.
What day is today?
Today is Thursday.
Thank you.
Hazel.
That's what I imagined.
Now the.
Please tell me, what time is it right now?
At this moment, it is 10 hours and 52 minutes.
So do a Wikipedia search for online learning.
I am looking for it.
According to Wikipedia, distance education, also known as distance learning, is the education of
students who may not always be physically present at a school or where the learner and the teacher are
separated in both time and distance.
Search the Internet for video school online, of course, right now.
This is what I found.
Play Roxanne by the police.
Oh, what a great idea.
I ll play it right now.
So I'd love to keep listening to this incredible song, but I need to continue with the lesson.
You know what, Hazel?
I'd like you to tell me a joke so I can have a little laugh.
There are only two hard problems in computer science cache invalidation.
Naming things endorsed by one errors.
Ah ha ha ha.
Hazel, I can see you've got a sense of humor.
In fact, please tell me another joke.
Unix is user friendly.
It's just very particular about who its friends are.
Blimey, I need to remember that one.
Okay.
Now please tell me, what is the stock price of Amazon shares?
I found it.
The price of Amazon is $141.49.
This is the information I need.
Thank you very much.
Now, Hazel, I'd like to say goodbye.
I am going to rest.
Let me know if you need anything.
Perfect.
And that's how we close our program.
The code is finished and we can let Hazel rest.
So keep investigating all of these functions and search for new libraries, which will integrate into
other aspects of your computer so that you can assist you with all you need.
So this is everything for today, and we've created a really fun program.
I'm sure you're going to continue personalizing this with lots of energy, so keep going and enjoy yourself.
Tomorrow we will learn something that will change your life as a programmer.
I'm not exaggerating.
I'll see you here again tomorrow.